README.md, before:

# Bloom x ConsenSys Academy

> List of projects made by [Bloom](https://bloom.fstvl.io) scholars and alums.

## 2021

Coming soon

## 2020

| Name                                                                                                    | Author      | Description |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [Web3 Mastermind Groups PM](https://github.com/Web3-Mastermind-Groups/pm) | [stickykeys](https://twitter.com/v_stickykeys) | "Vote mining" protocol for off-chain voting and on-chain tallying |

# Get project feedback
1. Create an issue titled `Idea: <your_project_title>`
2. In the body of the issue describe your idea and particular aspects you want feedback on

# Add your project

1. Clone this repo
2. Add your project to the table under the year you were in the ConsenSys Academy Bootcamp
3. Submit a pull request to this repo and add [@v-stickykeys](https://github.com/v-stickykeys) as a reviewer

Commit message:

docs: link to discussion section

README.md, after:

# Bloom x ConsenSys Academy

> List of projects made by [Bloom](https://bloom.fstvl.io) scholars and alums.

## 2021

Coming soon

## 2020

| Name                                                                                                    | Author      | Description |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [Web3 Mastermind Groups PM](https://github.com/Web3-Mastermind-Groups/pm) | [stickykeys](https://twitter.com/v_stickykeys) | "Vote mining" protocol for off-chain voting and on-chain tallying |

# Get project feedback
1. Create a [new discussion post](https://github.com/FestivalLabs/bloom-consensys-academy/discussions/new) labeled `idea`
2. In the body of the post describe your idea and particular aspects you want feedback on

# Add your project

1. Clone this repo
2. Add your project to the table under the year you were in the ConsenSys Academy Bootcamp
3. Submit a pull request to this repo and add [@v-stickykeys](https://github.com/v-stickykeys) as a reviewer
